README.md, before:

# NKDR-ReOptimized
is an **unofficial** fork of Joseano's and BrettRyland's NKD Renewed and Extended mod.
Which itself is a fork of NKDR, made by the author of the *og* North Kerbin Dynamics mod, harpwner and cukko (who is known on GitHub as dogevspenguin)
Which itself is a fork of the OG North Kerbin Dynamics Mod made by harpwner.
The OG NKD mod was developed under the CC-BY-SA license, so here's a link to that site
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

Credits aside, my aim is to edit the configs of various missiles and bombs in order to give them all realistic and optimized dimensions, values, and trajectories. 
e.g. The W88 got shrunk to a MUCH more reasonable size and mass and a new description, and I'm planning on giving the JASSM a terminal weave and the Tomahawk a Pop-up attack.
Unfortunately, the plumes for each missile are **hardcoded into the model files, and not in the configs**, so I cannot change or get rid of the plumes. 
I don't blame harpwner for adding plumes to the models, since the mod's code was originally made for **1.3.1, from a DECADE AGO, in 2015**

So unless someone knows how to steal plumes from model.mu files, we're stuck with the explodium jet engine plumes


== TO DO LIST ==

✅ Add W76 MIRVS used on SLBMs and I think the Midgetman ICBM. The W76 Mod 1 has a yield of 90 kilotons, while the Mod 2 has a yield of only 5 Kilotons, meant for tactical use.

(all MIRVS are using the preexisiting MIRV models; Credits to Harpwner for these models, ofc)

✅ Proof-of-concept Titan II ICBM with 12 W-76-2 MIRVS (Requires Bluedog Design Bureau)

➗ JASSM Weave and Tomahawk pop-up


➗ Fine-tuning MLRS Rockets


❌ I need help fixing their cluster bomb explosions



Whatever is suggested that doesn't require modelling experience since I've never done blender. Put something in an issue if ya want a customization not listed here.

======KNOWN ISSUE======

BDA+ version 1.12.0 has a bug wherein you *cannot* lock onto terrain, but *only vessels.*


If you use FLIR terrain locking to test your missiles, you must either ***downgrade to 1.11 or wait for a patch from Brett***

I DO have a fork of BDA in the works, so I MAY make a temporary fix. No guarantees.

Take care, and Merry ✝-MAS!


--Joey


== Sources == 
The information used in the weapon revamps was collected via https://en.wikipedia.org/, as well as multiple Startpage searches (Applies to every weapon except the MM40 Exocet)
For the Exocet, it was quite difficult, having no data about SRB burn time or thrust.
Eventually, I stumbled across a basic HTML site which upon looking for more pages to get stats from, turned out to be a site from the Pakistan Military.

Nevertheless, here is the link to this sketchy-looking site
https://babriet.tripod.com/navy/stat/statexocet.htm

Commit message:

Update README with fix decision and clarification
Removed mention of a potential temporary fix for BDA and clarified reasoning against it.

README.md, after:

# NKDR-ReOptimized
is an **unofficial** fork of Joseano's and BrettRyland's NKD Renewed and Extended mod.
Which itself is a fork of NKDR, made by the author of the *og* North Kerbin Dynamics mod, harpwner and cukko (who is known on GitHub as dogevspenguin)
Which itself is a fork of the OG North Kerbin Dynamics Mod made by harpwner.
The OG NKD mod was developed under the CC-BY-SA license, so here's a link to that site
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

Credits aside, my aim is to edit the configs of various missiles and bombs in order to give them all realistic and optimized dimensions, values, and trajectories. 
e.g. The W88 got shrunk to a MUCH more reasonable size and mass and a new description, and I'm planning on giving the JASSM a terminal weave and the Tomahawk a Pop-up attack.
Unfortunately, the plumes for each missile are **hardcoded into the model files, and not in the configs**, so I cannot change or get rid of the plumes. 
I don't blame harpwner for adding plumes to the models, since the mod's code was originally made for **1.3.1, from a DECADE AGO, in 2015**

So unless someone knows how to steal plumes from model.mu files, we're stuck with the explodium jet engine plumes


== TO DO LIST ==

✅ Add W76 MIRVS used on SLBMs and I think the Midgetman ICBM. The W76 Mod 1 has a yield of 90 kilotons, while the Mod 2 has a yield of only 5 Kilotons, meant for tactical use.

(all MIRVS are using the preexisiting MIRV models; Credits to Harpwner for these models, ofc)

✅ Proof-of-concept Titan II ICBM with 12 W-76-2 MIRVS (Requires Bluedog Design Bureau)

➗ JASSM Weave and Tomahawk pop-up


➗ Fine-tuning MLRS Rockets


❌ I need help fixing their cluster bomb explosions



Whatever is suggested that doesn't require modelling experience since I've never done blender. Put something in an issue if ya want a customization not listed here.

======KNOWN ISSUE======

BDA+ version 1.12.0 has a bug wherein you *cannot* lock onto terrain, but *only vessels.*


If you use FLIR terrain locking to test your missiles, you must either ***downgrade to 1.11 or wait for a patch from Brett***

~~I DO have a fork of BDA in the works, so I MAY make a temporary fix. No guarantees.~~

I have decided against making a fix, due to the already existing workaround of downgrading BDA to 1.11. 
A reason is because the only weapon that will use Laser Guidance in the mod is the GBU-44 Viper glide bomb, and also because *you do not need the LR lock to send coordinates to GPS*.

Take care, and Merry ✝-MAS!


--Joey


== Sources == 
The information used in the weapon revamps was collected via https://en.wikipedia.org/, as well as multiple Startpage searches (Applies to every weapon except the MM40 Exocet)
For the Exocet, it was quite difficult, having no data about SRB burn time or thrust.
Eventually, I stumbled across a basic HTML site which upon looking for more pages to get stats from, turned out to be a site from the Pakistan Military.

Nevertheless, here is the link to this sketchy-looking site
https://babriet.tripod.com/navy/stat/statexocet.htm
